This place looks rather familiar.
Didn't you try and throw wine at me here once?
Didn't you make a fool of yourself?
Don't you see the muck?
Keep your hands on me soon.
What's the money we agreed for?
I want to see the photos first.
I don't know if you're bluffing.
I need to see the money first.
Show me the money or there's no deal.
Fine. One million.
Now show me the photos.
I was expected to see you about the raw case.
Hand me the photos.
I'm a million for these photos.
Don't you think it's a bit cheap?
I want three million.
Raising the price.
You're so predictable.
Luckily I came prepared.
Money is the least important thing to me.
Now give me the photos.
I don't seem to remember anything about photos.
God's sake.
Just tell me where the hell you got me here.